Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We are going to pray over some things.
I am going to pray over the Iran situation and some of the things the Lord showed us in our last video.
People wanted to know what I was seeing.
Some of it I do not want to make public, but I stand by everything I believe the Lord shows me.
I stand by that when I tell you I saw Jesus standing here when he visited me and told me that we needed to pray for President Trump's life, that his life was in danger, and that if anything was to happen to President Trump, he was holding the church accountable by our prayer of intercession concerning his life.
I believe wholeheartedly the church has power and authority.
As we rise up as believing believers, not doubters, and stand as watchmen, as the Lord reveals the things the enemy has planned, just like he did the first time, I saw precisely where the bullet would go.
It was to the tee.
I saw the blood flowing and I thought it busted his eardrum.
Everyone wants you to go over the visions, and I am trying to describe what the Lord is showing me.
We will continue to pray for President Trump and his safety concerning finishing his term.
Now, I know there have been people who believe that I missed it, and that is fine.
You know what, folks?
If Brandon Biggs misses it, I will be the first one to come out and tell you.
I do not hide from them like some people who try to pull their videos down and hide them because they do not want to be embarrassed.
I am human; I miss it.
Is Brandon Biggs a prophet?
I am a watchman.
I come on here and I pray with you all.
The Lord said, I have called you to go on YouTube and pray.
That is what we come here to do.
I am not here to be a showboat.
I deflect always to him.
He does not use me, he uses me.
If there is something I have missed and I tell you that Jesus has appeared to me and told me to pray for President Trump and that there was an attempt, I can tell you exactly what the man looks like.
I have already told the people in authority about all of it and they said it was accurate.
Regardless if people say it is false, I have people high in the government who said it was accurate because of the things they have had tips on.
I cannot go into the depth about it because that would be foolish.
To people who say it is false, you are ignorant; you have no idea what you are talking about.
I realize that some people just want clicks for views because their view count is down, so they throw things out there to get higher view counts.
They play around with stuff and that is okay, but I have to rise above it.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt God has called us for such a time as this to pray for the nations.
If we do not, I believe the enemy will come in and wreak havoc.
As long as we have a backbone like a crowbar and we stand on the Word, we are the salt and the light and we can change things through prayer.
If we bow down to the demonic, they will run right over us as we see in New York.
They got what they voted for.
I have seen great fires; I have seen buildings on the 41st floor.
We have seen a lot with what the Lord showed us this last video.
He told us about praying for these gas plants and the seven employees with the white helmets praying over these people.
There were layers to this explosion.
When I was looking into that vision, I thought it was a massive nuclear device going off in the middle of the field.
The Lord said, Brandon, do not always assume that is nuclear.
It looked like it, but it was a major explosion.
That is why we are praying over Louisiana, praying over these gas plants, praying over Tuttle, Oklahoma, and these major events that I believe could be false flag or black swan events.
We will continue to pray over that.
The other thing the Lord showed us was Macron.
I saw him devising a plan again to silence an individual.
I saw a cliff and I saw that woman's face.
I try not to talk about people because I do not want the drama.
I saw another alternative media television face and I will say his name.
I believe Alex Jones has a major call on his life.
I believe it is very prophetic for the end times, calling out the deep state and this dark agenda.
I believe his life is something we should pray for.
I saw a crossbow and an arrow.
The Lord said, remember when I prayed over this before, he would be like a new John the Baptist in these end times, his voice would get louder, and he would start to proclaim Christianity and salvation in Jesus' return.
I saw a black-tipped arrow that looked like razor blades coming out of a crossbow.
I do not know where this was, but I saw it coming out of the side of a van as it was driving away.
It was silent.
If anybody is familiar with hunting with a crossbow, it makes a noise, but it is nothing compared to a firearm.
That is why the Lord said you need to pray for him.
There will be an attempt and I will spare his life and he will become more radical for me in the days ahead.
I believe with all my heart that Alex Jones will become one of the greatest mouthpieces for Jesus in the days ahead.
The same with the Kardashians and Justin Bieber.
Justin Bieber looks like he is going through a lot, but I believe God has a major call on him and he will be used even greater.
Mel Gibson, we have to pray for him regarding the Passion of Christ 2 movie.
Braden put out the video today, the short about this nasty ringworm thing that is happening all over with 30 cases.
Is this what the Lord showed us?
I want to play that.
Do you have that son where you can play just that clip without having the short, or do you have that where you could replay that of what the Lord specifically said?
Did you upload that?
Well, if you don't, that's fine.
But I brought it out.
I didn't realize when I gave the word I was a lot skinnier there.
But as of April 30th, 2025, the Lord spoke to us, and it was when Carney was getting elected.
I told you I saw Justin Trudeau coming out.
People would say in that prophetic word the Lord gave us, when I was looking over the land, that it was rigged again and that people stole the election.
He said the majority would vote that way, and the balance of it would be weighed this way.
Because of the balance of where people were voting, they were voting for corruption.
There is a gnat flying around here, sorry, I get distracted.
But because they would vote that way, they were voting for immoral things, homosexuality, etc.
Because of this, it would open up doors and this plague would come out of it.
It would evolve like how you get certain drugs when you have a virus or something; your body becomes immune to certain things because of the medicine that they are giving, and it becomes resistant in the strain.
I saw that this thing would come up because of the kids being trafficked.
The Lord was ticked off and said, "They have messed with the kids.
" You will hear it here if Braden can get it up.
It was about the children.
I saw it spreading all throughout Asia, and this virus would become so much infection in the groin area that they could not take care of it and they had to amputate, like gangrene.
Whenever gangrene sets in through blood sugar problems, this is what I saw happening in a man's genitalia.
It was so much infection that they had to amputate that out of there.
There was no way of fixing it, and it made them so sick it eventually took their life.
Now, are we at that level?
No.
Am I seeing the beginning stages of something?
I truly believe we are seeing something on April 30th.
Is it something new?
Now, do you have it, son?
Yeah.
You can play it now.
I want to go over these words.
This is almost a year ago.
I saw a new type of STD, a new venereal disease that had never been seen before, coming through certain practices that are ungodly.
And because of these ungodly acts, because of the reprobate mind of wanting to go this way, the scales in the spirit realm were weighed and they were found lacking.
And this goes for America also.
It infiltrated into New York, Boston, these major cities.
A new venereal disease that has never been known before.
I saw judgment begin even in Japan concerning the trafficking coming up from Mexico.
I saw that because of touching the children, this venereal disease will make them eunuchs because of the infection.
I saw so much infection that they had to do something because there is no cure for it.
The anger of the Lord was so strong; I thought I was going to vibrate out of my car as he spoke.
The anger was like the thunder above my heavens right now.
It was that loud as I hear the rain and the hail.
It was very strong, the rebuke and the warning coming from the Father.
He told me because of these things that you are seeing, decisions have been made and you will see a judgment.
As we see the beginning stages of this new virus, and it is nasty, is it going to morph?
Is it going to get more and more?
I believe it will.
How long does it take?
I don't know.
I never know when I am praying in the spirit and the Lord shows me things and dates.
I talked to one elder who said if you want prophetic ministry, because we see in part and we hear in part, never give dates that often unless you really feel instructed by the Holy Spirit because there is depth perception to it.
I am learning.
Depth perception is huge.
It looks like a lot of times it is right in front of my face, like it is going to happen tomorrow.
Sometimes I tell Braden and Diana after the broadcast is over, I will be looking for this tomorrow in the news.
That is how imminent it felt.
There are some things you see a year before this even starts to happen in a little bit on the news, like nasty sores on people's faces.
At that time, it looked like it was right there, like it is going to happen right then.
We are going to look at it, we are going to turn on the news tomorrow, and it does not happen that way because I realized there is a difference in the spirit realm when you are praying over things.
God is not in a hurry.
I just stay to my little thing here.
I don't go to the conferences.
I am so thankful for all of you that have invited me.
I just got an invite to come to South Korea and preach a conference, and that is real tempting.
I told Braden, "Man, Dad, that would be kind of cool to go preach in South Korea.
" That is the only one I can tell you that I have been really leaning towards.
The South Korean people pull at my heart.
You talk about genuine loving people, you talk about praying people.
South Korea, those people pray and they are sincere.
When you talk to those Asian brothers and sisters over there, they love the Lord.
Not saying that we don't, but I am telling you there is a compassion and a passion that I have.
Maybe it is because I am called to pray for the Asian brothers and sisters, especially North Korea, for the persecution that they receive from Kim.
I truly believe with all my heart that God is going to remove that tyrant in the days ahead and that the people of North Korea will be liberated and have a window for a revival like we wouldn't believe.
I still go back to the scripture that the Lord gave us: James 5:7.
"Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receives the early and the latter rain.
" The early and the latter rain.
I just lay hold to that scripture.
People ask, "Bren, where is it at in the Bible about an end-time harvest?
You keep talking about an end-time outpouring.
" James 5:7 is enough right there to believe that we are going to see a lot of souls saved.
Well, what about the great falling away?
I am not trying to say there won't be because the Bible says there will be, but I know this: that God doesn't want any man to perish, but all to come to repentance.
So I am just going to stand on James 5:7.
"Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it until he receives the early and the latter rain.
" I just believe that God doesn't want any of us to perish.
Just like 2 Peter 3:9, he doesn't want that any of us should perish, but all come to repentance.
For God so loved the world.
And I know that there's a lot of us that want to get out of here.
But I really believe that God is coming after the one with the grannies and the grandpas and the grandmas and all the ones that are believing God for their unsaved loved ones to come into the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I truly believe that God is doing one last call and we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
You say, Well, Brandon, when is it?
I believe it's when we get busy doing it.
We had 51 people just during the live stream last time give their heart to Jesus Christ and people emailing after said, Brandon, how many?
Braden in the comments and everything you tell me there's so many people that are rededicating their life to Jesus.
I bet, no exaggeration, we had well over 70 give their heart to Jesus Christ for the first time, some of them, and rededications on a little YouTube channel like this.
People just clicking in and giving their heart to Jesus Christ.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
I don't try to have petty differences with people.
I truly don't.
I stick to myself because I know how many people are dying and going to hell on a day-to-day basis and there are so many of them right now that don't know Jesus.
When I saw the statistics that Braden had on there, as Diana brought it out of her old paper she had, she went to church growth.
She had a class that she took there that was about church growth, how to plant and have church growth, how to make your church grow, how to basically evangelize better and things like that.
And there was a statistic of how many people were leaving the body of Christ on a year-to-year basis.
And the numbers were staggering.
And that's why I'm trying to tell y'all what we got to come together.
We got to come together and we have got to bring in this harvest with whatever we have.
It's all hands on deck.
You say, Well, I'm just a granny.
I'm just a grandma.
I'm over here.
No, you're the prayer that's praying this thing back.
Backing me in prayer, backing these people in prayer so that we can have some covering to get the job done.
You wouldn't believe the spiritual bombardment we receive on a day-to-day basis that Diana and I and the children, we're so thankful for you grandmas and you people out there saying, Braden, I'm praying for you.
I feel your prayers and I just want to say thank you for the persecution for the word's sake.
I'm so thankful for all you that say, Hey, Braden, I'm praying for you.
I'm praying for your wife.
I'm praying for your marriage.
I'm praying for you, Braden.
I'm telling you, I'm a very uplifted person.
I like to have fun.
And if I come across sometimes to you all as a worrywart or sad or whatever, I am not.
I like to enjoy life.
I like to go and get ice cream with my kids and go sit down at the park and feed the ducks.
I love to do things and do things with my special needs daughter.
I like to see her smile whenever she's having a hard day.
I like to, when she's crying or fussing and she's having a hard time, I love to see her.
I can turn around by praying in the spirit and ask the Father, how do I make Megan's day better today?
How do I bring a smile to that little girl's face?
And sometimes it's just by a hug.
Sometimes it's driving around in the car and you go get a tea with her, you know.
I don't know.
It just always seems like it's always been something that has been like a...
because she doesn't, she's nonverbal, you know, and so you never know what she really wants.
You have to guess whether it comes to food.
I pray, what does Megan want to eat today?
What would she like to have to eat?
Because you know you have an opinion about what you eat and maybe you don't want to eat chili that day and so just because you know you feed it to her and she don't want to eat it, that's why I always try to, what would Megan want today?
So I know the Holy Spirit knows, so I always ask him, can you tell me what Megan would want to eat today?
She can't tell me.
She, what would she like to drink today?
She would she like a Coke?
I don't know.
I just think those are the times whenever you see those smiles because you heard it.
You heard it when she smiles and she grins from ear to ear because she knew the Holy Spirit told me.
I don't know.
Those are just precious moments to me.
It's the same thing when you just surprise your wife with a gift on Valentine's Day.
She wasn't asking for nothing.
You're just loving on somebody, just showing the love of God to people.
And I really believe that's where we should be in these last days.
Not everybody is going to be helped.
And some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
Not everybody is going to bring in the increase.
Some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
That's what the Bible says.
And who knows what you're called to do that day?
You could be just to water the seed through love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love never fails.
Love always, what is it?
1 Corinthians 13 bears up underneath anything and everything that comes.
So whenever you're loving somebody and you're showing them love even when, and some people like I said, I get it.
You have some people that are just hard.
Those are the ones you just water.
God bless you.
God bless you to the one that's cranky.
And then there's sometimes you bring forth the increase.
I just want to be that vessel that if even if I'm watering that God says, Braden, can I use you today?
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Ladies and gentlemen, will you help the Lord bring in the harvest?
It doesn't mean to always beat people in the head with the Bible and tell them they're going to hell.
I would say more often than not, you do not do that unless you're instructed to by the Lord.
I'm very bold about what I believe, obviously, as you can tell.
But I believe with all my heart some people are not going to have ears to hear that.
And so you give them what they can chew on.
You want to give it where they can at least chew on it.
Not always they're going to spit it right back at you.
But always it's like the people at the store I go to and I got this new shirt.
I was so excited about it.
I got this purple shirt for the spring and the lady there is, I don't know, I don't want to say because maybe she's watching but you always, well you know, and I try to witness to her and I know she has a companion and I always show them the love of God.
Showing the love of God.
But I have such a burden, you want to say a burden to pray for the lost tonight.
There's so many even around that that are in the neighborhoods.
You walk by, they walk by and they're so lost and you're looking at them and you're just going, Do people see Jesus in you?
Are you salty?
Have you lost your saltiness that whenever you go into a store or whenever you go into a place, have you let the cares of the world choke out all the life out of you?
Are people able to see Jesus in you?
Because the only Jesus people may see is the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me.
I got that from a preacher and I believe with all my heart.
You have to know that the only Jesus some people will see is whenever you come into the store and Jesus is shining through your face.
I believe if God tells you to buy the lady's groceries, that ain't the devil telling you to do it.
I don't know if that's just flesh or if that's the devil telling me to do that.
The devil is not going to tell you to do that.
Are you sure that's the Holy Ghost?
Well, I'm going to tell you it sure is not the devil.
Should you buy their groceries?
What would it hurt if you had a little extra?
It was not about being like these stupid shorts that you are showing the guy on the side of the road and you are trying to say, hey, let me pray for you, brother, and give you something so you can film it and get a viral video.
You know, you are embarrassing him and you are showing how long have you been homeless?
Are you kidding me?
To try to get a viral video.
Well, let me give you some McDonald's, brother.
It is all about you.
It is not about Jesus.
Don't film it.
Do it unto the Lord.
Don't do it for a viral video.
That is what I am trying to say.
These people are a joke.
You go, come on, man.
I just want to show myself ministering to them.
Want to help you out, give you $100 today, putting yourself on there so everybody in the comment section says how great you are.
People are pathetic.
And so I just go, well, you know, I think it, like I said, it may just be picking up your kid from school, the parking lot person there.
Hey, just want to let you know you are doing a great job.
We could not do this.
It would not run effectively without you.
God bless you, sister, for doing that, stop sign.
I try to always love on people when they are serving and helping out.
They make minimum wage maybe.
I don't know.
But I always want to show the love of God to the sister holding the stop sign or going across there.
She is just doing her job.
Well, she is moving sure slow today.
Get across there quicker, but hun.
You see them as they are honking their horns.
You know, people have an attitude about nothing.
They are in a hurry to go nowhere.
Like Kathryn Kuhlman always says, they are in a hurry to go nowhere.
And so, these are the things that are on my heart today as we see the harvest is plentiful and laborers are few and I see the statistics of how many people we are losing to hell.
And I thought, how do we become more effective?
And I thought, the only way we do it is the anointing and by the love of God.
They will know us by our love.
How we love our fellow brother.
How we treat people.
How we love people.
How we don't talk trash about them.
We just love on them.
They didn't say we know us by how much we judge them.
Being sister clipboard always calling people out.
Well, you know, I believe this or believe that.
Keep your opinion to yourself.
Golly, that neck gets on my nerves.
Thing is always blowing right in front of my face.
But just showing the love of God to people.
What I was thinking about that scripture.
I just love that.
And then I have been meditating on Psalms 126:1 and 2.
When the Lord brought back the captivity who returned to Zion, we were like those who dream.
It seems so unreal.
Then were our mouths filled with laughter and our tongues with singing.
Then they said among the nations, the Lord has done great things for them.
The Lord has done great things for us.
We are glad.
That is where we are at right now.
He is going to do great things for you today.
He is going to do great things for me today.
I believe with all my heart.
It is time for us to have that intimacy that our mouths are filled with laughter and our hearts with singing.
We are singing.
The Lord has done great things for us.
Is it working?
And then they are going to say the Lord has done great things for them.
What makes us stand out in these last days?
What makes us have our saltiness?
I truly believe people say, Brandon, do you really believe in the wealth transfer?
I believe if you can handle it, I believe if the money is not going to ruin you and it is not going to cause you to get a divorce because you have got an extra couple hundred thousand in the bank, I believe God will give the anointing to prosper on anybody who is able to handle it.
But if you are stupid with your money and you do not handle what you have, he is not going to give you more.
If you are faithful of little, he will make you ruler over much.
And I was, he said, I want you to teach my people tonight, Deuteronomy 28, and teach them how to pray over their finances.
And this is just how I do it, okay?
Because I always say, if ye abide, the word says, if ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
So, I take Deuteronomy 28, which is the beginning of it, and I have mine all highlighted here.
I like mine because mine looks pretty on my phone because I color it all in.
But I find the scriptures that pertain to what I am believing for.
And the Lord said, we are in a place right now.
We are believing God.
Remember I told you I saw the Trump's wealth, Eric and Don Jr.
specifically multiply times three.
In the days ahead, their wealth and the family wealth would multiply times three.
It would double and then it would triple and say I am going to increase.
And so when I hear him talking, I watch how it happens because it ain't just going to happen.
What are they doing to get it?
So I start turning my eyes over there.
What?
Well, that is what the Lord is telling me.
Well, and either going to increase them.
There are a president's kids.
I am not saying nobody is insider trading folks, but they know what is coming.
Nancy Pelosi sure did.
Blessed.
So, I started quoting over me.
He said, Brandon, you have to remember what he said to us.
You have to contend for the blessing.
You have to contend for it.
You have to sow when I tell you to sow and you will reap if you faint not.
You have to speak to it.
You have to water your seed with your words out of life and death is in the power of your tongue.
What are you saying over your finances?
What are you believing today for God to bring to you?
Well, I am believing for this Holy Ghost crypto transfer and all this stuff.
Folks, the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
I believe with all my heart, but it is not going to be on everybody.
When does he tell you when to hold them and when to fold them, when to walk away and know when to run?
There are some of you that are just listening to prophet so and so and not having a word from the Lord for yourself.
And if you are listening to prophet so and so, they are human.
They can miss it.
You have to learn that those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God.
And if you are the daughters of God, you have to be led by the spirit of God in every area of your life.
And that is that still small voice on the inside of you.
Follow it.
Follow that peace that passes all understanding.
If you do not have peace, do not do it.
What he tells sister so and so and what he tells you could be two totally different things.
God has a million and one ways to get you a million dollars if you need it.
But it is not going to be for everybody.
So everybody has this lottery ticket mentality.
It is not going to be that way unless you are a giver and you are a sower.
He said that he will bless whatever you put your hands to according to Deuteronomy 28.
I do not believe in spiritual lottery.
The Bible says if you are faithful with little, he will make you ruler over much.
What part of that is for everybody?
That is only for the ones that have been faithful with the little.
And he said he will make you ruler over much.
The ones that are faithful with a little.
But if you are not faithful with little, he is not going to do the second part.
And most people go, well, I qualify.
What?
How?
Why do you say that?
Did he tell you that?
Well, I heard that preacher say it and I got excited.
The Bible says to be a steward over what He has given you, a good steward.
This is how I pray.
I am going to pray over it just how I do in the car with Diana and the children.
I say, Lord, I thank you right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, let go of my finances.
I take authority over my finances right now.
I say, go ministering spirits and cause it to come forth in the name of Jesus from the north, south, east, and west.
I call financial blessing to us.
I thank you Lord according to Deuteronomy 28:4.
Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, the fruit of thy ground, the fruit of thy cattle, the increase of thy kind, and the flocks of thy sheep.
I don't have sheep.
I used to say this because we raised dogs.
I say the flocks of my dogs.
Blessed are my dogs.
I am not going to have any stillborn puppies.
They are not going to die.
We have special needs dogs.
We are not going to have any dogs that are bad.
They are all going to be smart dogs.
You may raise cattle or goats, I don't know whatever you raise, or you may just be on eBay or Poshmark like us.
Blessed are my eBay auctions.
Blessed shalt be the basket in thy store, and blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out.
The Lord shall cause thy enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face.
They shall come out against thee one way and flee before thee seven ways.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon thee, thy storehouse, and in all that thou settest thy hand unto, and He shall bless thee in the land which the Lord thy God gives thee.
I believe that one.
I love that one.
Deuteronomy 28:8.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouse.
Do you have a storehouse?
Get yourself a storehouse.
He will bless you in the storehouse and in all that thou settest thy hand unto.
You may be the best ditch digger in all of the state of Oklahoma, or the coach that coaches football.
You could be the winningest coach in all of football.
That is why Pastor Chip said, I am anointed in a way that the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
He said, insert what you are good at.
I am anointed at being at eBay or Poshmark in a way that the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
I am anointed to teach children's preschool.
I am anointed to be a cop.
I am anointed to be the best detective.
I am anointed to be the best doctor.
All to the glory of God.
Do all to the glory of God.
Everything you do, give all to the glory of God.
I am anointed to do YouTube.
I say it all the time.
I am anointed to do YouTube in a way that the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
I have the largest following all over YouTube.
All to the glory of God.
It is not about me.
It is all about Jesus.
Everything you say in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
I am anointed to do YouTube, I am anointed to do X, I am anointed to do TikTok.
Why?
All to the glory of God.
I will have the largest prophetic channel, prayer intercessory channel in all of YouTube, all to the glory of God.
Say it out of your mouth.
Believe it.
Why?
The Lord shall command the blessing upon thee and thy storehouse and in all that thou settest thy hand unto.
That is what He said.
Deuteronomy 28:8.
Do you believe it or not?
Either you believe it or you do not.
The Lord shall command the blessing on making pies, on mowing grass, on thee in thy storehouse, and in all that thou settest thy hand unto, and He shall bless thee in the land which the Lord thy God gives thee.
Then in Deuteronomy 28:9, the Lord shall establish thee.
He is going to establish you a holy people unto Himself, as He has sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the Lord thy God and walk in His ways.
All the people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of you.
All the critics are going to see there is glory on you, the glory of the Lord is on you.
Arise and shine, for the light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen on you.
The Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods, in the fruit of thy body, in the fruit of thy cattle, in the fruit of thy ground, and in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
So there it is.
If you believe for a child, people say, Well, Brandon, how dare you want to believe God?
We occupy until He comes to have beautiful children.
We raise them up.
We have to take dominion over this earth.
We are not running from the devil.
He is running from us.
If you are running from the devil, you are not doing it right.
Why are you running from the devil?
The Bible says that if we submit ourselves therefore unto God, we resist the devil and he will flee from you.
It did not mean you flee from him.
If you are running from the devil, you are not doing it right.
We submit ourselves unto God.
We keep vertical.
My eyes are towards you.
My heart is towards you.
Seek me and know me.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who is perfect toward Him.
Lord, create in me a clean heart.
Create in me a clean heart so that your eyes do not have to go about looking anymore.
May your eyes rest on me today.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who is perfect toward Him.
Create in me a clean heart, just like David said.
Create in me a clean heart, Lord.
Father, may your eyes not have to look anymore all around me, Father, because your eyes are resting on Brandon.
Your eyes are resting on Diana.
This house is a house because as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord in these last days.
People will see it on us because we haven't lost our saltiness.
We did not get weary in well-doing.
We are not running from the devil.
The devil is running from us.
I feel the anointing all over that.
Receive it.
You have been running.
That is like Brother Hagin said.
Say, Well, bless darling heart.
The devil has been after me.
He has been running me.
I do not remember.
Bless my heart.
That is what he said.
Bless his heart and his stupid heads.
I love that.
I wish he was still here.
I love Brother Hagin.
There are a lot of you that do not know who Kenneth Hagin is.
Find his old teachings on YouTube and listen.
They will change your life.
I listened to Brother Hagin when I was 14, 15, 16 years old.
That is what I listened to.
I bought a tape series every two weeks when I got paid at the ministry and I would buy them and listen to them.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
It changes you from the inside out.
You have to have this word down inside of your heart, ladies and gentlemen, or you are in trouble.
This is how you pray.
I do not know how everybody else teaches you to pray, but I am telling you this is what works.
Find scripture concerning your money and the Lord said, Tell my people today how to grab a hold of it.
We are going to finish.
The Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods, in the fruit of thy body, in the fruit of thy cattle, in the fruit of thy ground, and in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
The Lord shall open unto you his good treasures, the heavens, to give the rain into your land in the season and to bless all the work of thy hands.
And thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
The Lord shall open to thee his good treasures, the heavens to give the rain unto your land in the season and to bless all the work of thy hands.
Your crops are so full in your fields for when drought comes that you are able to help out your brother with extra.
So my bank account is so full that you can help other people out with it.
You will be able to lend unto many and you won't have to borrow because I have a surplus.
Do you have a surplus for this wealth transfer everybody is talking about?
I believe it.
Deuteronomy is one of my favorites, though.
I am telling you, I quote that, I read over that and I just sit there and I bask in it.
Oh, Father, I believe the Lord.
The Lord shall open to thee his good treasures.
What is his good treasure?
His rain.
The former and the latter rain.
The glory of the Lord.
I believe the glory of the Lord is rising on me.
I believe the glory of the Lord is inside of me.
I am wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He dwells on the inside of me.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come near me or my wife or my children or even my dogs.
I believe it.
I am a believing believer that believes it.
I am not moved by what I see.
I am not moved by what I feel.
I am moved by what the word of God says.
You either believe it or you don't.
And the Lord shall make thee the head and not the tail, and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath, if thou hearken unto the commandments of the Lord thy God, which I am commanding thee this day, and observe to do them.
So I am just falling in love.
What is the first commandment?
To love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy mind, with all thy soul, with all thy strength, and to love thy neighbor as thyself.
Because if you love and you do all that, you will go by all the others.
Love never fails.
Faith works by love.
Why is my faith not working, Brandon?
Check your love walk.
Love never fails.
Faith works by love.
You say, well, check how you are talking to your wife.
Check how you are talking to your kids.
I have to check myself all the time.
Oh, God forgive me.
I am pretty brassy in some of the things I think and do.
People get all upset and flip out.
Learn to bridle yourself with love.
And that is what I have to try.
I practice, and it isn't always easy for me.
Trust me, I have to go and say, Oh, God, help me.
I have a flesh fit.
My mom always has a flesh fit.
You have a bad attitude.
You do something stupid.
I did it at the coffee shop two days ago.
I flipped out, yelling mad and looking at the guy, and he was ready to fight me.
I did not know why.
Demonic, straight out of hell.
And you look at people and go, where is this coming from?
The Lord said, stop it, drive away, this guy is trying to pick a fight with you.
I say, okay, try to keep my wife and my kids safe.
People know who you are when you are on the internet and they do not like what you say and they are looking to start struggling with you.
And I realize that Diana said, do you realize people do not like you, Brandon, because of the things you stand for and say on the internet?
And they know who you are.
And I go, oh yeah.
I forget.
I truly do.
There are millions of people that watch us and I forget that there are people that hate me.
And I just go, what is wrong with that guy?
And D goes, obviously he knows you.
And I go, oh yeah.
I was like, what?
Why does that man want to pick a fight with me?
Brandon was like, his eyes are like this big.
I kid you not.
He was acting crazy, cussing me.
And I thought, what in the world is going on with this man?
I am a lot bigger than him, you know.
And the old me would get out of the car, and I said, Lord, drive away now.
Go.
Don't forget who you are.
Don't let the devil knock you off of your seat.
Walk in love.
That is really hard for my flesh because the old me wants to pounce him and make his face look like concrete.
That is just me.
But I said, walk in love, Brandon.
It is okay.
It is just flesh.
I am just being real with you.
This happened two days ago.
Walk in love, Brandon.
It is not always easy, but faith works by love, you know, especially when people are cussing you and you do not even know them.
They do not—you do not like it when they talk bad about you and your wife and the kids.
You go, what?
What is going on with this guy?
This happened twice in one day.
Two people.
And I did not realize, like I said, when you are making a dent and the devil gets really ticked off when you are praying with all these people on there and you are praying over people's lives and people are getting saved, you have to really make sure you are guarded up and taking your authority every day.
You cannot afford not to.
I always tell my babe, Dina, grab a book, let us pray.
Let us pray today.
Let us connect.
Let us pray as a husband and wife.
Let us do this.
You may say, well, I do not have a husband, I do not have a wife.
I will be your two.
I will agree with you.
I will pray with you.
We are so excited you are here.
There are 5,500 of you right now.
We are so thankful for every single one of you.
Lord said, do not take a census.
I try not to pay attention to it, but I am so thankful for every single one of you that are here right now.
So, did that bless you?
Did I help you at all concerning your finances?
That is how we do it.
Even through hard times, through good times, the Lord said be conscious about, it is not always through prayer; breakthrough is through worship and praise like Paul and Silas.
That is why whenever I did the last time I was with you all, he said, go through every single thing in your heart and give me praise for it.
Thank me.
Thank me right now.
And then he said, I want you to teach my people.
Teach them, Brandon.
Teach them.
Be thankful with every little thing.
No matter if you feel like I got overflow in my bank account, oh God, that is what we are going to do again tonight before we start praying.
He said, that is worship.
Being thankful, not grumbling and complaining.
Well, I do not have that much.
Oh, but God, you gave me whatever you give me.
And so I want you tonight, when we take communion here, we are going to pray.
Be thankful for what you do have.
You say, well, I am quadriplegic and I cannot move my legs, Brandon.
I watch you and I am stiff as a board here and I cannot do anything, but I can move my eye.
I can move my eyelashes.
Give him praise for what you can have.
I am not saying it is always easy, but you have to tell yourself, Oh, Father, I thank you for what I do have.
There are days that I said, you know, there would be things hurting in my body.
I am getting older.
I am not that old.
But you go, hey, there are things that used to not hurt.
They hurt more when you get out of bed, the older you get.
And you go, what is going on?
No, my youth is renewed like the eagles, and you fill my mouth with good things and I believe with long life you will satisfy me.
I believe Father that I am going to live a long life, that I am healthy, whole, and well.
Now certain people believe for 120 years.
Well, that's on them.
I want to live until I'm satisfied.
When the Lord says, "Brandon, you've done a good job.
" Folks, I've seen the other side.
I've seen the other side many times.
And there is nothing here that compares to what's over there.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And the moment you take your last breath, you're standing in the presence of Almighty God.
The moment you take your last breath on this earth.
That's why I just want to get the job done.
We occupy until he comes, but if we could just get the job done and bring in his harvest.
He told me, "Brandon, you're not waiting on me.
I'm waiting on you.
" James 5:7.
"Bring in my harvest, Brandon, and I'll come and get you.
" I said, "Lord, ain't nobody hardly talking about it very much.
" Be a trendsetter.
Tell them I'm coming.
Give an altar call.
I'm one of the only ones that gives an altar call on my YouTube channel, a prayer channel.
I try all the time to give you an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
You're running out of time, but we must be trendsetters.
Tell people to give altar calls.
He said, "Brandon, give them a chance to accept me.
" I don't think there's anything else that matters.
Nothing else matters.
Either you know him and he knows you or you're in trouble.
You're in trouble.
I've gone way too long tonight already.
But I know that there are many of you here that if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
If you were to die right now, the very shoes you put on today to go to work, the very shoes you put on today to go wherever the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one is promised tomorrow.
If you're here tonight and you're watching me right now and you're saying, "Brandon, that all sounds good and great.
I don't even know anything about Jesus.
I just clicked on your broadcast or whatever this thing is and I wanted to hear what was coming in the future.
" I don't control that.
He does.
We'll pray and he might show us something in a little bit, but we're not guaranteed it.
It's only what he wills.
He's the potter.
We're the clay.
I have a treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of me.
He controls it.
But I want you to know my friend, he's a friend that sticks closer than a brother.
He'll never leave you and he'll never forsake you.
Lo, unto the end of the earth, he'll be with you always.
But if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
It's appointed unto man once to die.
Once.
There's no reincarnation.
There's the Asian channel always asking me, "Brandon, do you not believe in reincarnation?
" No.
That is false.
It's a false doctrine.
That's a lie.
You don't come back as a butterfly.
You don't come back as a dog.
No, there's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
You will stand before the Lord and give an account of every idle word, everything that you've spoken, every thought.
I'm telling you I want to be on the side of grace and mercy because I've confessed Jesus Christ as my Lord and my personal savior and I say, "Jesus, forgive me.
Jesus, forgive me.
I need you.
I can't do this life without you.
I need you to be the captain of my ship.
I need you to be the one that is leading me and guiding me and helping me in all my decisions.
I can't do this without you.
" There are many of you that have gone your whole life thinking that there's no God, that you just go into nothingness.
But you're wrong.
You're gambling with eternity by an assumption.
Look all around you at the stars that have been thrown into space.
Look at the sand.
Look at the water that comes in.
Look at the trees.
Look at the birds.
Look at everything around you and say there's no God.
How foolish.
We are fearfully and wonderfully made and we're made in his image.
If you look at our blood veins, our highway of blood veins that go through us that keep us alive, our heart, how we're created in our mother's womb, we're born into this earth out of a microscopic seed of a sperm that hits an egg, and look at the beauty of life how it all happens and we say there's no God.
I want to introduce you to my friend.
There is a God.
And he'll become so real to you the moment you invite him into your heart.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
I've heard it so many times, but this is really true.
I want to ask you, do you know my friend?
Or maybe you've known him.
Maybe you had a relationship with Jesus at one point in time and you've fallen back and you've backslidden.
You're not totally cold.
You're just lukewarm.
And the Bible says he'd rather you be hot or cold.
If you're lukewarm, he'll spew you out of his mouth.
But I want you to make the decision tonight to be all-in for Jesus.
To sell out, to say, "Jesus, I'm not going to do this life without you.
I don't want to.
I want you to be the Lord of my life.
" Stop hanging around the people that keep pulling you down.
Make a choice tonight to maybe separate yourself from folks and say, "Listen, I choose to follow Jesus today and I'm not going back to the sin I used to walk in.
" The prodigal son was in the pig pen and he thought, "Man, if I can just go back and be a servant in my father's house, maybe I could just do that.
" And so because he had spent all his inheritance, he had big wild parties.
He was having a good old time.
But then he had spent everything.
He was in a pig pen.
But what was amazing was his father had a robe and he was ready to kill the fatted calf when he saw him coming.
And that's what the Lord's doing for you right now.
He's ready to kill the fatted calf.
He says, "My son, my daughter's home tonight.
" God didn't turn his back on you, you turned your back on him, but tonight's your night to turn back and say, "I want to make everything right in my life.
" So, I want you to be bold about your decision before we move on.
And I want you to say, "Brandon, I want to be saved," or, "I'm coming home tonight.
" And if that's you, and this is speaking and you feel that tugging on your heart, you feel that knocking on your heart right now, that's the Holy Spirit.
The Bible says that no man comes to the father unless he's called by him.
He's drawing on you and right now he's pulling on you and he's saying, "Will you come home?
" So, I'm going to say a simple little prayer that a 5-year-old could say and believe.
It doesn't have to be all religious.
I hate religion, but I love relationship.
And I love my friend Jesus.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
And that's true to me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Wash me with your precious blood today.
Today, Lord, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgive me of my sins.
Thank you, Lord, that my name is written in that Lamb's book of life.
Thank you, Lord.
From this day forward, I'll serve you with all I have.
I'm all in.
If I die today, Lord, I'll be with you in paradise forevermore.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm no longer a sinner, but I am a sinner that's saved by grace.
I'm no longer a sinner.
I might sin, but I'm not going to live in sin.
" There is a difference.
You can mess up, but I am not doing it willfully.
I am not choosing to.
People mess up like I did a couple of days ago.
People mess up, but when you do, you run to God when you sin.
You do not run away from him.
And the moment you confess it is not when the Lord found out about it; it is when you got rid of it.
If you fall down and scrape your knee, you stand up and say, "Jesus, I thank you that I am free.
" So, if you just said that prayer, I believe you just got born again.
Welcome to the family.
Now, what do you do?
Go to a non-denominational church.
There are good ones, like the Church of His Presence, John Kilpatrick.
I would go down to that one if I was in that area.
Or our church, Collinsville Glorious Church.
There are good churches around.
You just have to find them.
Non-denominational churches.
Go to those churches.
Tell them, "I want to be water baptized.
I got born again listening to a guy on YouTube and I want to be water baptized.
" Get water baptized.
Come over here and pray with us.
Go to their Wednesday night service, Sunday night service, prayer group, whatever you have to do to get plugged in so that you do not go back to the trash you used to be a part of.
So get plugged in, get excited about your new life in Christ.
If you do not have a Bible, my wife and I—I think she is almost caught up.
Bless her heart.
She has been trying really hard to get all these Bibles out to you all.
If you do not have a Bible and you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ, now did you hear what I said?
This is not for your cousin's cousin's cousin to have a Bible.
Our ministry cannot afford to support all the salvations that come in here.
If you have never accepted Jesus Christ and you just did, and you do not have a Bible, we want to buy you a Bible for free.
Not for your ministry for you to give out 100 Bibles to all the people on the streets.
I am not trying to rant.
I am just trying to tell you that is where we are right now.
Until the Lord expands us, we will buy you your Bible.
Now, you have to give your address and where to send it, and we will send it to you.
We will not solicit you.
We do not want to bother you.
We just want to tell you welcome to the family and we love you.
A Bible will come.
Amazon banned us from doing it.
We cannot send it to you from Amazon anymore because they took away our account from that because they thought we were dropshipping, and I did not understand what that was, but they did.
So Diana said, "Oh, we got in trouble, so we have to go in a different direction through another book company," but we found a way to do it.
All glory to Jesus, so we will send you your Bible for free just to love on you.
It will be a New King James Version or a King James.
We just love you, so thankful that you are here tonight.
Welcome to the family.
All heaven is rejoicing, and all hell is saying we lost a good sinner tonight.
How many got saved?
Did we have anybody give their heart to Jesus Christ?
If not, that is all right.
Oh, we had 56.
Well, praise the Lord.
All 56 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ, welcome to the family.
That is exciting, and we will have a lot more throughout the week or when they watch this.
So, let us go pray.
I know I have kept you late, but it is not too late.
Father, we just lift up the body before you.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you have done and all that you are going to do.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we are healed and whole by your stripes.
The Bible says that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
We believe.
We receive healing and wholeness and wellness in the name of Jesus.
That by your stripes, Lord, we are healed and whole in our bodies.
We receive it in the name of Jesus.
And we take this by faith, knowing that Jesus took it all.
Jesus paid it all.
Jesus took it in his body.
He did it all for us.
According to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Earlier, we were reading about the blessing, but the curse is all the way through Deuteronomy 28, and we are redeemed from the curses of it.
So Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blessing and for your healing power that flows on the inside of us richly by faith in Jesus' mighty name.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you for the blood.
It has never lost its power.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
The blood of Jesus Christ, it is over us, and it cleanses us from all unrighteousness.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We make much of that blood.
We apply the blood over our eyes, Father, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I believe.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield.
I thank you, Lord.
If there is anything you want to show us of that which is to come, for Father, you told us in your Word the Holy Spirit would show us that which is to come.
We thank you, Lord.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, and the excellency is the power known of you and not of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us right now in Jesus' name and we give you much praise, Father, in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
Now, I anointed my head with oil.
I want you to fix your collar.
Oh, thanks.
Thank you all.
I appreciate that.
We have to look nice for Jesus.
I do not want to be a distraction.
Father, we give you praise.
Now, I want you to thank him for everything he has done for you today.
You just thank him.
Thank him for the birds, whatever it may be, finances, whatever.
Okay?
I want you to give him praise and glory like Paul and Silas.
Give him praise in the midnight hour, for whenever they gave praise, the walls began to shake, and they were freed from their captivity.
Father, we give you praise and glory for all that you have done and all that you continue to do.
I thank you, Father, for the blood that covers us.
Father, I thank you for your healings.
I thank you for the manifestations of the glory tonight.
I thank you for my wife and my children.
I thank you, Lord, that you said in Psalms 91 that a thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
I thank you, Lord, for my home.
I thank you, Lord, for the roof over my head.
I thank you that my bills are paid, the electric, my water, my gas, my car payments.
Father, you are so good to us.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have provided.
Thank you, Lord, that we have clothes on our back and a new shirt.
Father, I am so thankful for my shirt.
I am so thankful, Father, that I have something to wear that is nice for the people.
Thank you, Lord, you provided for it.
I thank you, Lord, that you gave a roof over my head, that Father, I am not out in the cold, and that you gave us a place so we are not out in the rain.
God, you gave us a good place.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have a bed to sleep in, and Father, that we have covers to cover ourselves up with.
Father, we are so grateful for the fan that blows on us as we do the broadcast.
Father, we are so grateful for the flowers that are about to bloom in the spring, and for the trees that are about to have leaves and that will have longer days and shorter nights.
Father, I love the spring.
I love the summer.
I love that the weather is warming up, and that the daffodils are about to bloom and the tulips are about to come out.
Father, we thank you for the redbud trees that are about to bloom.
God, we are so grateful for the trees.
We are so grateful that the birds are going to start to migrate back north.
Father, we are so grateful for all the birds, and that the baby deer are about to give birth.
The fawns will be on the earth.
We are so grateful for the fawns.
We are so grateful for the spawning bass that are about to spawn in the spring.
We are so grateful for all that you have given us in nature, the squirrels, the chipmunks, and all the beautiful things you have given us, Lord.
Father, we are so grateful for the tires on our car that get us from point A to point B.
We are so grateful that we have a stereo in our car that we can turn up as loud as we want and listen to praise and worship music.
Father, I am so grateful that we live in a free country right now.
We are thankful for President Trump.
We are grateful for Congress.
We are grateful for the judges, the Supreme Court judges, because there are more conservative than there are liberal judges.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus, that you are turning this nation around.
We are one nation under God.
Father, I am so grateful that we have the freedom of religion, that we can speak and decree and declare that Jesus Christ is Lord over America, and that we have a nation that fears God, and that we are turning back to Jesus.
Father, we are so grateful that our churches are rising up with a backbone like a crowbar.
We will preach repentance, true repentance that turns before we burn.
I am so grateful for every single one of the pastors that are represented here tonight.
We give you praise, glory, and honor for all that you are about to do in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Every time can be different, but just give him praise.
Just give him glory for what he gave you.
The Bible says God inhabits the praises of his people.
Be thankful with little, be faithful with little, and be thankful with what you do have.
If you want God to show up and show off in your life, give him 10 minutes, five minutes of praise.
I cut it a little bit shorter tonight because I was a little long-winded.
Be quick to give him praise and thanksgiving.
Don't murmur and complain in your heart for what you have.
Oh God, you are so good to me.
Oh God, I thank you that you are moving heaven and earth.
You are doing it all.
You died for me, and I give you praise, Father, that I am healthy in my body.
Thank you, Father, for the platform.
Thank you, Lord, that you gave me a platform so I could come on here and tell all these people how good you have been to me.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we give you praise, and we praise you for the revival that is about to happen.
We praise you for the revival that is about to come.
We are so grateful for all that you have done and all that you told us you would do.
Lord, you have been so good to us.
The former and the latter rain, and we are not talking about the weather.
The Holy Ghost rain is falling down on me.
I feel the rain.
I hear the rain.
I feel it falling down on me.
The former and the latter rain, and I am not talking about the weather.
The Holy Ghost rain is falling down on me.
I feel the rain.
I feel it falling down on me.
Do you remember when I told you the oil is going to start coming all over you?
Oh Father, we hear the rain.
We hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I was listening.
The Lord told me how many times today listening to Jimmy Swaggart, it is beginning to rain on your sons and your daughters.
I do not know all the words as much because he sings a lot of different verses.
He says, Whoever will come drink from my waters, he has promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you are thirsty and dry, look up to the sky.
It is beginning to rain.
The turtle doves are singing sweet songs of glory.
There are some silver cups to the sky.
The clouds up above are beginning to gather.
Yes, it is.
The barren land is thirsty and so am I.
It is beginning to rain on your sons and your daughters.
I love that old song.
I played it like four or five times today and I could feel the glory come down.
He said, Brandon, sing it.
It is time.
It is beginning to rain.
And Father, I thank you for the revival that has taken place.
Hear the voice of my Father.
That is what it is.
He is saying, Whoever will come drink from my waters.
He promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you are thirsty and dry, look up to the sky.
It is beginning to rain.
The turtle doves are singing sweet songs of morning.
The leaves on the trees turn their silver cups to the sky.
The silent clouds above are beginning to gather.
The barren land is thirsty and so am I.
It is beginning to rain.
Hear the voice of my Father.
He is saying, Whosoever will come drink from my water.
He has promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you are thirsty and dry, look up to the sky.
It is beginning to rain.
At the first drop of rain, the first drop of rain that you start to hear, throw open the windows.
Go call all your children together and throw wide the door.
When the rain of the spirit starts to fall, fill every vessel.
He who drinks from the spirit will thirst no more.
It is beginning to rain.
Hear the voice of my Father.
He is saying, Whosoever will come drink from my water.
He has promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you are thirsty and dry, look up to the sky.
It is beginning to rain.
I love that.
Oh Father, we are so excited.
We know that there is something major about to happen.
We can feel it.
I have such an anticipation for the greatest outpouring of your spirit.
I have such an anticipation tonight, Father, to call forth the glory again.
Visit our churches, Father, in a great, mighty wind.
Pour out your spirit upon us, Lord, like a mighty rushing wind.
Holy Ghost and fire.
Lord, let there be new wine in our wine skin.
Lord, where people have become so weary and well-doing in these last days, stir in them, oh God.
If they are thirsty and dry, look up to the sky.
It is beginning to rain.
We call forth the mighty harvest of the rain.
In the former and the latter rain and the greatest outpouring we have ever seen before in the name of Jesus from shore to shore, from Canada all the way to the Gulf.
All over Europe, all over Asia, all over Africa, all over South America, we call forth a mighty revival in the name of Jesus.
Father, we know you want it more than we do.
We are so grateful.
We are so thankful.
Father, you have called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We know our redemption draws nigh, but the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Help us, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the anointing of the Holy Ghost is rising on us in a way that it will be just like when our shadows pass by.
The people are healed in Walmart.
The people are healed in the grocery store.
The people are healed in Kroger.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the glory of the Lord be seen on our faces like it was on Moses.
People say, You have to cover up because the glory of the Lord is shining on you so bright.
I have to have sunglasses.
Father, if you did it once, do it again, Lord.
Every cell in our body, everything in us, everything that has breath, we praise the Lord.
We do not let the devil run rampant in our households.
We take our authority.
We say, Thus far and no further, Satan, you will not touch our president.
You'll not touch the vice president.
You'll not touch his cabinet.
We say he'll take no counsel from the ungodly.
That the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And we say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, our nation is one nation under God.
We pray a hedge of blood around and about him in the name of Jesus.
And though a thousand should fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, nothing shall come nigh him.
Lord, we put angels all around him right now, all around the Oval Office, all around the Congress, all around our judges.
And we thank you, Lord, that any foul thinking, stinking devil that's trying to influence their thoughts, we command you to cease and desist in your maneuvering in the name of Jesus.
Stop it.
We have revival in our White House.
We have revival in our Congress.
We have it.
And we'll have the biggest, the largest red wave in the name of Jesus.
That the righteous would rise up and go with a backbone like a crowbar and vote righteous.
And that the preachers would preach righteousness and truth in their pulpits.
And they would stop being a lukewarm seeker-friendly gospel.
Stop feeding the people porridge.
They were made to eat meat.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And you told me first Corinthians 5:5 would come to full fruition in this year 2026.
And that, Father, there would be people that would be in pulpits that would fall over right there, that you would raise up men and women with a backbone and proclaim this last move of God.
The new Davids, the new Elijahs, the new ones that Father don't have a platform yet, but Father, they might be the janitors.
They might be the children's church workers or they might be the parking lot attendant.
But Father, I know that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And Father, you're raising up men and women that have just the boldness like a David that would go and say, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that you defy the armies of the living God?
" We'll take the head of the giant of this land and we take it all for the glory of God.
We will not bow down and we will not burn.
We'll be like the ones if they throw us in the fiery furnace.
We will raise up and we will say there's a fourth man among them.
We will be the children of the most high God that will not bow down to social pressure.
We will say we are the children of the most high God and we have a fire in our bellies and we'll proclaim that Jesus Christ is coming.
It's time to rise up church.
It's time to rise up.
No more compromise.
That which you compromise you will lose.
Look at New York.
We will not be a nation that is Muslim.
We are a nation that loves Jesus Christ.
Jesus.
Oh, what a beautiful name it is.
The name of Jesus.
What a beautiful name it is.
The name of Jesus Christ our King.
Nothing can stand to compare to this.
I believe it's what a beautiful name it is.
The name of Jesus.
I believe it.
You have no rival.
You have no equal.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, for moving in the churches and the pastors repent for the compromise they've led in their churches.
You rise up new ones, Father, all throughout Australia, all throughout New Zealand, all throughout Ireland, Father, that it would just be the ones that say, "Yes, here am I, Lord.
Send me.
Here am I, Lord.
" Oh God, I thank you Lord that you're pouring out your spirit on your sons and your daughters in a mighty rushing wind all throughout Tennessee, all throughout Kentucky, all throughout North Carolina, South Carolina, all throughout Florida, all throughout Alabama, all throughout Mississippi, all throughout Georgia, all throughout Ohio and all Kansas and so many.
You could go on and on.
All the states, but Father, we believe them all.
Arkansas and Missouri and Louisiana and Texas and Oklahoma, Colorado.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
California.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that California and Oregon and Seattle, Washington.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're not done.
Shake them, Father, and awake them.
Shake them, Lord.
Awaken them.
Wake them up out of their sleep.
Lord, let them know that there's one last call, one last call, one last push, one last time, and that this dispensation of grace is coming to an end, and judgment is about to begin.
I thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Oh, Father, we thank you for no rest.
Okay, I'll tell you what I'm seeing.
And this is concerning the Supreme Court justice decisions concerning the tariffs.
Now, we're going to pray into that for just a minute here.
This is a major, major thing concerning the economy of America, concerning all the decisions and how the course of this nation will go for the rest of Trump's term.
So, we're going to pray into that.
And it's Amy Coney Barrett is the one that we got to sway.
This is the one that's the problem right here.
I see Amy.
Amy's face is before me very strong here in this vision.
And we're praying for Amy's heart.
You understand?
She is a judge.
It's not about manipulating and moving just with the party.
It's about going with the law of the land.
What does the land say?
Does the president have an ability to put in tariffs?
Does he have the ability to do this stuff?
Don't go just because you don't like a man.
Don't sway against it just because you don't like him.
I see a great big alligator with a lot of teeth.
I see a great big alligator swimming on the top of, you know how they go right up on the water edge and you can see them on the water edge swimming and their heads just barely on the top of the surface.
This is what I see concerning this.
I see an alligator.
And it's dark black with a purple outline.
This is a dark black alligator with black onyx eyes and it has a purple outline.
It looks like an energy on this alligator.
Now I see Carney and it's influencing these decisions from Canada concerning political agenda coming from Canada and Carney concerning the democratic party.
It's more about Canada and the economy going into a great recession into depression concerning these decisions.
And this is a pressure concerning funding.
And it goes into England.
And I see the prime minister, the man, the president, like that man over there.
He has the man that's over England, not the king, but the other one.
I don't know his name.
I see his face.
So, and it's about Carney.
This is about this man.
And this is about what they put on with the EU.
This is about the tariffs concerning the EU and the influence it will have on the Euro.
And even with China and Japan, it's Carney.
But more about Canada than any other nation.
Okay.
I see banks.
I see the banks.
Big banks.
BlackRock.
I see BlackRock.
Okay, this has to do with BlackRock influencing the judges.
It's the same ones that are coming against the crypto.
And I see a thin layer of water that's coming over a table.
A table.
It's a board table.
And out of this board table, there's this thin layer of water.
No, no, no.
This is the difference between going over Niagara Falls and sustaining.
For there is a great storm in the midst of it.
Look like a tornado.
Small and it started out looking just like a whirlwind and it's growing and it's growing and it's trying to become bigger like a category hurricane.
What do you mean?
Oh, and it's on the waterfall edge.
That's why we take authority over this demonic assignment to take America over the waterfall.
We will not have it.
We speak to that tornado right now.
It's just like a little dust devil.
It's like one of the little dust storms.
He is barely turning.
Listen to me.
In his flesh, he needs strength in his bones.
Pray over his inward strength to finish the weight of the demonic and what is coming against him.
It wearies you because he is coming against the antichrist agenda and system.
You must pray for a strengthening in his organs, as the pressure of this demonic force is trying to take him, even causing organ failure or pressure on the heart.
Whenever Jesus had so much pressure on him that he was sweating drops of blood, this is different, but it is pressure on the flesh.
When you are the roadblock to the agenda 2030 and the demonic agenda, he said, they are not after me, they are after you.
I am just standing in the way.
He means it is by the grace of the hand of God that he can win.
We must pray that he will be strengthened.
It is almost like you have 200lb weights in your shoes and you are trying to lift up each one, pulling against extreme gravity.
That is the way I see it as he moves through this, pulling his feet just trying to get to where he is supposed to get.
But if the church would uplift his feet and say, many hands make light work, Mr.
President, we are going to pick up your feet and carry you there.
We are going to pick you up and put you on our shoulders.
There is a bunch of us here.
We can carry him across that finish line.
You will do it through prayer.
We are going to lift your shoes up for you and pull you across that line.
The devil has a plan, but God has a greater one.
Do you understand?
I hold the church accountable for not praying for the man.
I am talking about the church.
You must pray for him more.
He has to finish what God has in store for him.
I told you, you would be like Mr.
Magoo.
When you are going through and you have so much, you do not understand what he feels on a day-to-day basis.
And I am feeling it by the spirit of God.
The Lord showed me a glimpse of the pressure of making the decision.
Do I strike Iran today?
Do I liberate those people today?
What is the outcome?
It is a chess move.
Cuba is the major focus, folks.
They are the enemy in the backyard.
That is why you must come for finesse.
And we pray over his marriage.
Divine alliances.
Father, do not trust everyone that comes to you.
Do not trust the Ayatollah.
He is operating in a lie; he is a liar.
He is operating under another demonic tongue.
Forked tongue.
He is a liar.
We must pray over the battleships.
We must pray over our men and women on those boats, specifically our battle aircraft carriers.
I saw drones coming in and dropping things on them, bombarding the defense systems.
It was bombardment.
People say, well, they have anti-aircraft.
It was the same thing as when Israel was trying to do with the Iron Dome.
The Iron Dome and all of that bombardment was going on.
That is what I am seeing in the spirit realm.
We pray over our men and women of service that they are protected and out of harm's way.
Not just the aircraft carriers, but the little ships around them and the torpedo-like things coming out of the water.
We pray right now over Abraham Lincoln.
We pray over George Bush.
We pray over every single battleship and every man and woman of service that is serving our country.
We put a hedge of blood around every one of them in the name of Jesus.
That a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
It lines up with what the Lord has already warned us about.
He said, pray over the flight decks.
I saw a massive explosion on the flight decks going after the planes, and I saw fires in the middle of it and hundreds of men laying in the water.
We will not have that.
We are the church and we will stop this in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you for protecting our president.
Father, we thank you for a greater discernment on who he trusts in his inner circle.
That he would trust only the people you say to trust and take no counsel from the ungodly.
We pray over his sons, over Eric, over Don, over Ivanka, over Tiffany, over Baron, over Kai, over all his grandchildren.
I pray a hedge around them.
Father, I thank you that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
Every terror plot, every terror group in this nation, any Red Dawn experience, any Pearl Harbor experience, I thank you, Lord.
We call them uncovered and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
Every single one of them, whatever they are plotting in this underground communication, we call them exposed and brought to justice by Homeland Security, the NSA, the FBI, Sheriff's Departments, and local law enforcement.
We say in the name of Jesus, they are brought to justice and they make a stupid decision because there is confusion in their camp.
We call for confusion in their camp.
For there are more with us than there are with them.
Every plot against our churches during Easter.
I see this right now.
I see plots against our Easter services.
Ramadan started today and it goes for 31 days into this time frame into March.
Easter is just a couple of days later.
Palm Sunday is in April.
The first weekend in April.
So we pray over our churches.
We pray over our places of worship.
Every church will have beautiful services, Father, to celebrate your resurrection Sunday.
So we pray and even over Rome.
There is a lot here.
It is like which path do you want me to go down?
Each one leads to something, from the Supreme Court justice decisions to him talking to the State of the Union next week, to his speech, praying over the closing ceremony, praying over Easter.
And it keeps going with the decisions he is making concerning Iran and it forks out like this.
It looks like a fan and there are so many different paths concerning the economy.
That is why in the natural my flesh looks and I go, Lord, there is a whole bunch of paths.
It is like coming up to the edge and it fanned out.
That is why I was like, wow, which way do I go right now?
That is why I said I am not in a hurry, but I present these things to you because there are a lot of you that know how to pray.
The closing sermon will have messages with this going into Tuesday with him talking about Supreme Court judges, all these major decisions, and the alligator; all that.
Father, I just pray in the spirit over that.
I know you do not cause confusion and you are just showing all this because the people need to know.
I am not confused, Lord.
I am just like, wow, Lord, there is so much here.
I am so grateful that you would trust us to pray for all these things for everybody who wants to take part in the assignment.
Which one do you want to run?
Which one do you feel led by the spirit of God to pray over?
I feel I am going to pray over his speech for a second and over Sunday night.
We pray over his speech every day.
Father, that he would touch his heart and he would be led by you.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
That is a long time between now and midterm, but Lord, that people would be able to have some hope.
It is a good one, that he would be led by your spirit on what he says concerning our nation.
It is not about pride and arrogance concerning accomplishments, but giving God praise for where He has brought us out of because it is by the hand of the Lord.
Not by our own doing but by the hand of the Lord.
We always humble ourselves before you and we deflect the glory to what you have done.
That is what we pray.
It is about giving God glory.
What did God do over this last year?
Not what you did.
You had nothing to do with it.
God just used you and you were yielded.
Oh, Father, you are so good to us.
And Father, you are working on the hearts of the Supreme Court.
And Father, our nation will be okay.
I believe it.
And we will thrive in Jesus' name with a great move of the finances in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord.
This is just the beginning.
I thank you Father that things are just the beginning.
I am walking up to each door.
I see each road.
Do you see I am touching each one?
That is what I am doing.
I push it to see which one He wants me to go down.
Is it the Supreme Court?
And I feel, where do you want me to finish with this?
Because I do not just go down a road because it is what the flesh thinks it wants.
You go to the door and the spirit when you are praying in the Holy Ghost, and you push on it and the Holy Spirit will pull you in, and you can feel it.
I test the road.
I see all these rows and you can go down each one.
Each one of them you can finish strong on, you understand?
Each one could be leading you to go down in prayer because each one is very important.
But what is the heart of the Father for today?
I say there is a way that seems right unto a man.
Not just what I want, but what is your will for the nation?
Father, what is your will?
Father, I thank you, Lord.
What is that one, Braden?
Do you have the scripture for that?
I am just curious what that says right now because it came up out of my spirit.
I do not know why.
Read it to me.
It is way too small.
There is a way that appears right unto man, but in the end it leads to death.
Yes, that is it.
Proverbs.
There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death.
There is a way that seems right unto a man, but its end is the way of death.
Just because it seems right does not mean it is the way of the Lord concerning all these things.
Some of you can spin your wheels on it, and I want to say the end ceremony, other than the protection of the people, it does not matter.
They can state what they want to say all they want to.
Just like the beginning ceremony, it does not change anything.
It just shows they are corrupt and who they really are.
Father, we thank you.
Give me 10 more minutes and we will be done.
10 more minutes and we will pray.
I am going on too long tonight.
Lord said the people are becoming weary.
It is good.
If you need to go to bed, go to bed.
I am just going to get 10 more minutes here.
Okay.
And then y'all who have to go, just go.
David Rodgers stone.
We call for the uncovering of this lady.
She got kidnapped.
Oh, Guthrie.
We call Nancy Guthrie found.
We call her brought home in Jesus' name.
We call this captor to let her go in the name of Jesus.
Father, that you would visit him, and Father, that you would visit her, that she would get radically born again if she is not.
We call her saved.
We call her born again.
And we call this captor that is holding her hostage to let her go in Jesus' name.
Let her go.
Let her go in the name of Jesus.
We call her home.
We call her free.
I am not going to speak that out of my mouth, but I want clarity on what I am seeing.
And show us, Lord, where she is.
Show us where she is.
Show us where she is right now underneath that anointing.
Show us where that woman is.
Show us, Lord.
Oh Father, you care about all of us.
I call it done.
Now I see a train.
I see a train.
The train, something to do with the train.
I see, and what is interesting is it is not a modern-day train.
This is an old train like what you would see on those old locomotives like Thomas the Tank Engine story.
Thank you, Lord.
Some things you just cannot say out loud, especially on a live stream.
We thank you, Lord, that people are brought to justice and they uncover it and she is safe and she is home.
And Father, that she lives out her days with Jesus, that she would accept Jesus Christ.
And Father, I thank you Lord for every person who spent their night praying with us.
Lord, we pray over our president and his protection and the decisions he makes in the next 48 hours.
Praying over his decisions in the name of Jesus that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
Even Israel acting alone.
Standing strong against anti-semitism in the days ahead.
I thank you, Father, for liberating the people of Iran from the Ayatollah.
That they are liberated and a great revival takes place in Iran.
A major revival takes place in the underground church of Iran.
Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Kuwait; a major revival takes place.
Saudi Arabia, Father, we thank you.
You shake the temples.
You shake the monkey temples.
You shake them with great earthquakes.
And what has been there for thousands of years will be shaken in a day.
For it will be a sign of the time and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
False gods are coming down.
Oh Father, we give you praise and glory for tonight.
Everybody say amen and amen.
I could go on with this for a long time, but I know there are a lot of you that are tired now.
I am so thankful for every single one of you.
I never want you to be weary and well-doing with me.
I always wanted to be a blessing to you to want to pray with us, but at the same time, I am led by the Holy Ghost.
I fear God, not you.
But I feel in my spirit that anointing lifting.
So I go, okay, what do you want me to do?
So I felt like it's time to quit.
We just reverence him.
Isn't he wonderful?
People come and they go, but my goodness, Jesus is always there.
He's such a friend and he cares about all our needs.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
What a friend.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you.
You see the river never stops flowing.
You can get in an endless river and just go down it and go tubing down that river until the cows come home.
You know, just keep going down the river and then you can transfer over to another river.
But the spirit realm is always active and it's always moving.
Prayer is always going.
You have to unhook yourself because I could flow in that.
But you have to say, "I'm unhooking for right now.
" But it's like a clock.
And as the clock turns and it comes up to your time again, you jump back in it and you jump in the river and you just go until your flesh gets tired, whatever.
And then you jump out and you unhook yourself and then you wait until you feel that inward pull.
The Holy Spirit will always pull with you.
Especially if you're called to pray and you can pray and you feel it and you'll jump in and out of that river.
You just got to unhook.
You going to unhook.
And when it's a prayer like this and I've seen so much tonight, you just unhook.
But it's hard for me because I like to flow.
I'm curious of what I'm going to see next and what God's going to show me.
That's why I said you can without people being religious and going, "Well, I pray for hours.
" When you get in a real good vein, you can sit in there for four or five hours all night long and just pray over in it and get up and just flow in the Holy Spirit.
When prayer is dry, it's boring.
That is when you go, "Ah.
" You're always looking at your watch.
I notice I never look at my watch one time other than I look at my phone to see if I can find scripture or if there's somebody texting me if I need to, my wife calling, talking to me, you know, it's just flowing.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Prayer is fun if you do it right.
Learn to flow with him.
Do you get anything out of these things?
Does it bless you?
I pray it does.
Somebody's getting something out of 6,100 of you.
I pray that somebody gets something, gets refreshed, gets in the river, and then you jump right back in there and you go at it.
But we're so grateful every single one of you are here.
But I'll end it there.
It's good.
And we can pray again.
I'll try to come back tomorrow.
I've been doing every other day to let the people watch the video because there's so many of you that it takes you a long time to get through two and a half hours, but I don't want you to miss nothing.
And I told Braden, I said, "It seems like such a waste to keep jumping in and doing video and then know that nobody watches it.
And then you get the ones and they get to being stragglers and if you give them more days they'll watch it all and they're getting what the Lord's wanting for them to pray through their own prayer life.
You know, I want so badly for you to find him in a more intimate relationship with him so that you go from glory to glory every single day and you find him and he's your friend, he becomes a friend.
That's what has always been about for me is being a friend to Jesus that he has somebody to talk to.
So, we love you all.
We pray it blessed you.
And I don't mean to be critical towards people.
I want you to always know that.
My heart is to love on folks, but sometimes people provoke me a little bit.
But God bless everybody.
Love you.
We will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye bye.